Update regions (#538)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/eks/eks_terraform/_index.md

   az group create --name arceksdemo -l EastUS -o table
   ```

>    > Note:  See this [table](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/services/?products=azure-arc) for Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes region availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note:  Before deploying, make sure to check the Azure Arc enabled Kubernetes region availability [page](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/services/?products=azure-arc).
```
